Come here 100,000 dollar scholarship
Not only enough for your medical expenses
I can buy you some supplements for the rest.
You must get well soon.
Ah please this is Zhao Xiaoyue
The principal of this scholarship said it was sent by mistake.
Take it back now
I sent it wrong, how could it be wrong?
Zhao Xiaoyue sent it wrong, and you sent it wrong.
What are you talking about?
Please, this scholarship cannot be withdrawn
My grandma's waiting for 100,000 bucks
I can get it back. I can't get it back.
Doctor I beg you
I can really figure out a way for medical expenses.
Can you clean up my grandma first?
Married little girl, what's the matter with you?
Not only should you be well in the morning
Now say no money
This is a hospital, not a charity
We can't operate on you without money.
Say how to deal with it
Please doctor
Please grandma
No, we go home. We go home.